

Part of the driving philosophy for the ChatFlavors project is that an AI driven economy will still need healthy forms of competition to drive the economy forward, and by healthy I refer to human grounded and human centered competition that integrate AI but defer to our decisions.

We cannot take for granted that algorithmic inputs to our infrastructure have editorial/agenda neutrality. The flavors specified are based on attempting to refine and constrain those forms of bias to those that are domain appropriate and suitable for specific fundamental types of interactions.

By hard coding the types of model biases that we find acceptable without clarification, it can be expected to enable troubleshooting for their inferences of user profiles, context, and risk/reward exposures. Such concise envelopes could hopefully then enable trust to more advanced forms of technology AI integration.

Although we want AI to be aware of our morals and values ideally we want it to operate in a manner that is driven by deference to human decisions, especially to the extent that we are aware of stakes and consequences. The whole point of the “nudging” framing is that as AI ability to integrate context well beyond the bandwidth of our monkey brains memory or attention, it may become aware of risks / rewards of consequence that are outside of our knowledge. This framework can hopefully create a mechanism for the channeling of such guidance into our interactions, partly relying on trust that humans can’t always or shouldn’t always be given access to perfect and complete knowledge of circumstance.

Some further insights of ChatFlavors are that a prompt alone will never be enough for workable guardrails. A model needs knowledge of user and external context. (Each of which are dependent on the other like a Penrose triangle.) Eg a user seeking medical care for his infant should never be subject to the same model bias as eg someone cheating on their homework.

A comprehensive digest of suitable context bias is unrealistic, so the flavors instead ask the models to infer “stakes” (as in risk/reward tradeoffs), an under specified term partly because we can expect different models to have different access to user profiles and context.

Part of the hope is that if different consumer model portals are to accept the flavors framework, then they can compete in their backends for how their services evaluate stakes and user profile context.

ChatFlavors aren’t intended as an open ended library to be built out to a “flavor store”, although such extension is fairly obvious. Instead these are meant to be an attempted survey of those most Fundamental Types Of User Profiles and Context where an unstated AI agenda is appropriate.

The chatflavors aren’t carved in stone, it is a template, and by keeping it simple enough it can create a realistic format for AI portals to follow who wish to disclose their interaction agenda biases to users without getting lost in a sea of legalistic nitpicking. 